Replace ChillDKG seed with hostseckey (#42)
BlockstreamResearch/bip-frost-dkg: README.md

<!-- TODO Call this restore instead of recovery? -->
As an additional feature of ChillDKG, the DKG outputs for any signing device can be fully recovered from

> a backup of a single secret per-device secret key,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a backup of a single *host secret key* specific to the device.
```

I think "device" is fine here. More technically, it's the participant, but at the level of abstraction of this paragraph, device is more tangible.

Author: Agree, done

(the essential parts of) the public transcripts of the DKG sessions,
and the corresponding success certificates.
To simplify the interface, we combine the transcript data and the session certificate into a single byte string called the *recovery data*,
which is common to all participants and does not need to be kept confidential.

> Recovering a device that has participated in a DKG session then requires just the device's secret key and the recovery data,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recovering a device that has participated in a DKG session then requires just the device's host secret key and the recovery data,
```

Author: done

 - **Conditional agreement**: If a ChillDKG session succeeds for one honest participant, this participant will be able to convince every other honest participant that the session has succeeded.
 - **No restriction on threshold**:  Like the FROST signing protocol, ChillDKG supports any threshold `t <= n`, including `t > n/2` (also called "dishonest majority").
 - **Broad applicability**:  ChillDKG supports a wide range of scenarios, from those where the signing devices are owned and connected by a single individual to those where multiple owners manage the devices from distinct locations.

>  - **Simple backups**: The capability of ChillDKG to recover devices from a static secret key and public recovery data avoids the need for secret per-session backups, enhancing user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Simple backups**: The capability of ChillDKG to recover devices from the host secret key together with public recovery data avoids the need for secret per-session backups, enhancing user experience.
```

ChillDKG constructs a transcript `eq_input` by appending to the transcript of EncPedPop the vector `enc_secshare`.
This ensures that all participants agree on all encrypted shares,
and as a consequence,

> the entire DKG output of a successful ChillDKG participant can be deterministically reproduced from a per-participant secret key and the transcript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the entire DKG output of a successful ChillDKG participant can be deterministically reproduced from a per-participant *host secret key* and the transcript.
```

Author: done

This property is leveraged to offer a backup and recovery functionality:
ChillDKG outputs a string called *recovery data* which is the concatenation of the transcript `eq_input` and the success certificate `cert`.

> The recovery data, which is the same for every participant, can be used by any participant together with the secret key to recover the full output of the DKG session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recovery data, which is the same for every participant, can be used by any participant together with the host secret key to recover the full output of the DKG session.
```

Author: done

### Inputs and Output

> The inputs of a session consist of a long-term *secret key* (individual to each participant, not provided by the coordinator) and public *session parameters* (common to all participants and the coordinator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inputs of a session consist of a long-term *host secret key* (individual to each participant, not provided by the coordinator) and public *session parameters* (common to all participants and the coordinator).
```
(here, "long-term" is a useful description when introducing the term)

Author: done

not be rederived solely from the participant's seed.

To facilitate backups of a DKG session,

> ChillDKG offers the possibility to recover a participant's DKG output from the participant's secret key and the recovery data of the specific session,
> As a result, a full backup of a participant consists of the secret key as well as the recovery data of all DKG sessions the participant has successfully participated in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ChillDKG offers the possibility to recover a participant's DKG output from the participant's host secret key and the recovery data of the specific session,
As a result, a full backup of a participant consists of the host secret key as well as the recovery data of all DKG sessions the participant has successfully participated in.
```

Author: done

so that it can, in principle, be stored with an untrusted third-party backup provider.
Users should, however, be aware that the session parameters (the threshold and the host public keys) and public parts of the DKG output (the threshold public key and the public shares) can be inferred from the recovery data, which may constitute a privacy issue.

> Keeping secret key backups accessible and secure is hard (typically similarly hard as keeping the participant devices themselves).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping backups of the secret key accessible and secure is hard (typically similarly hard as keeping the participant devices themselves).
```
